RAG stands for Retrieval-Augmented Generation.
It improves AI responses by retrieving relevant documents before generating answers.

This project is a Discord bot that uses RAG to answer questions.
It retrieves information from a knowledge base and uses OpenAI to generate responses.

The bot is built using Python and discord.py.
It integrates with OpenAI API for generating responses.

RAG reduces hallucinations by grounding responses in real data.








Duremudira has the bodily structure typical of most Elder Dragons.
 
It ends in a dark gray set of five spears of varying size which are connected to one another at a few points. 

Duremudira also has an aura of cold air radiating around it.

When in its second phase, ice will completely cover the claws, and sharp ice shards will appear on the head and neck.
In addition, red vein patterns appear throughout the body; the wings are spread a bit more and the aura becomes absent.















FLOOD: 
In the event of a flood, RAs are instructed to call the RD/GRDs of the community/Primary duty # 
based on the time of day. During the day, the RD/GRDs of the community should be contacted. If 
they are not available, the Primary duty # should be called. After business hours, the duty phone 
number should be called. RAs should be able to describe the situation as well as they can to POD 
and/or go to the scene and confirm what they may have been told by a resident. If you are able to 
determine the source of water, you should include that information in your call up. 

Record the damages using the duty phone camera for documentation and assessment. Check 
the neighboring and below rooms or apartments to make sure the flooding has not seeped 
further. If possible, take information of all individuals present.

Document situation in an IR. Submit an E-maintenance request to document the damage and 
follow up with your supervisor as needed. 

SNOW EMERGENCY:  
A snow emergency is usually declared by the University when we are expecting to experience 
severe weather. During snow emergencies, all residential vehicles must be moved to the covered 
levels of the P29 and P32 parking structures (note: the uncovered, top levels of the structures are 
exempt from this policy and must be vacated during a snow emergency.), the Ann V. Nicholson 
student apartments lot, the George T. Matthews student apartments lots, and P35 parking lot. 
This is necessary for snow plows to come in and clear out our standard lots.  

Vehicles left in any other main campus lots during a snow emergency will be impounded at the 
owner's expense. OU will not assess a fine for Policy 483 violations, but retrieval of impounded 
vehicles will require payment of a towing fee and may also involve storage fees, charged per day. 
Housing's role in this process is to ensure that flyers and notices to residents about moving their 
cars are being properly posted/sent out. Your supervisor will reach out and inform you when 
there is a Snow Emergency. They will provide RA staff with flyers, and a deadline to have them 
posted on entrances and exits throughout the building. 

BODILY FLUIDS: 
If an RA or resident reports bodily fluids in a common space, report to the scene to assess the 
situation and take pictures if needed. Then call up to POD and inform them of the situation. The 
POD will contact facilities and make them aware of what has been found. If it is determined by 
Facilities that nobody is immediately coming out, do your best to block off the area using wet 
f
loor signs, paper signs, caution tape, etc. GRDs, RDs, and RAs should never touch any bodily 
f
luids.  